k6-summary: update to v0.1.0 (#113)
grafana/jslib.k6.io: lib/k6-summary/README.md

# k6-summary

> This functions that can be used to generate different end-of-test summary reports when used in the `handleSummary()` callback: [https://k6.io/docs/results-visualization/end-of-test-summary](https://k6.io/docs/results-visualization/end-of-test-summary/).

Reviewer: I think we should link to https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/results-output/end-of-test/, unless there's a separate issue for updating links in this repo

Author: Yeah, it's a good point :+1:

Author: ```suggestion
This functions that can be used to generate different end-of-test summary reports when used in the `handleSummary()` callback: [https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/results-output/end-of-test/](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/latest/results-output/end-of-test/).
```
